fix(migrate): `npx sv migrate` fails to run (#676)
sveltejs/cli: .changeset/major-moles-cut.md

---
'sv': patch
---

> fix(migrate): `npx sv migrate` fails to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix(migrate): allow `migrate` to run without specifying a migration arg
```
